docs: generalize frameworks versioning and infrastructure references (#263)
howarewoo/monorepo-template: skills/woostack-bootstrap/references/frameworks.md

2. **Python (pypi)**: Use `curl -s https://pypi.org/pypi/<pkg>/json | jq -r .info.version` or pip tools.
3. **Rust (crates.io)**: Use `cargo search <pkg>` or query the crates.io API.
4. **Go**: Use `go list -m -versions <module>` or query proxy.golang.org.

---

## Dependency Cataloging Protocol

To prevent dependency drift across multiple apps and packages in the monorepo, utilize a unified dependency catalog (such as pnpm catalogs).

1. **Exact Matching**: Write resolved versions as exact strings (e.g., `1.2.3`), rather than ranges (e.g., `^1.2.3`), to ensure deterministic builds.
2. **Unified Catalog**: Define all shared dependencies in a single global catalog location (e.g., `pnpm-workspace.yaml` `catalog:` block). Individual packages reference these catalog dependencies using a placeholder (e.g., `"catalog:"`).
3. **Lifecycle Script Permissions**: For package managers like pnpm 10 that disable lifecycle scripts by default, explicitly enable execution for required native modules (e.g. via `pnpm.onlyBuiltDependencies` in `package.json`).

---

## Universal Gotchas & Safeguards

When composing a dependency stack dynamically:

> - **Peer Dependency Alignment**: Check for peer dependency warnings during install. If framework A depends on React v18, do not install React v19 at the root catalog. Run registry checks on B's peer constraints before locking in A.

Author: **Nit: Clarify peer dependency gotcha check target**

The description states 'Run registry checks on B's peer constraints before locking in A' where A is the framework and B is its dependency (React). Since React is the dependency, it is framework A's peer constraints that define which React versions are compatible, not React's peer constraints on A.

Fix: Change 'B's peer constraints' to 'A's peer constraints' or 'React's version' to clarify the target of the registry checks.

```suggestion
- **Peer Dependency Alignment**: Check for peer dependency warnings during install. If framework A depends on React v18, do not install React v19 at the root catalog. Run registry checks on A's peer constraints before locking in React's version.
```

<sub>— <strong>LOW · NIT</strong> · flagged by the <code>bugs</code> agent</sub>

Author: Fixed in b6279f7ab270efb81f13bf6b9b3e10fa140b0805.
